Test Cases:

1. Verify that the user can navigate to the page and view the link to create a ticket.
2. Verify that the user can click on the link and navigate to the next page to submit the form.
3. Verify that the user can return to the previous page by clicking the back button.
4. Verify that the user can enter a Title.
5. Verify that the Title is a mandatory field.
6. Verify that the user can select an Application Area from the dropdown menu.
7. Verify that the user can enter a description with a maximum length of X characters.
8. Verify that the user can enter a date.
9. Verify that the user can enter a Video URL.
10. Verify that the user receives an error message when entering a Video URL in an incorrect format.
11. Verify that the user can enter an email address.
12. Verify that the user receives an error message when entering an email address in an incorrect format.
13. Add special characters to the input fields and verify that user gets error message
13. Add really long text in all the fields and verify that user gets appropriate error messages

Areas of Improvement:

1. When the user enters an email address in an incorrect format and clicks Submit, they receive a message saying, "Error occurred, check the network tab on your browser's developer tools for more details." Instead, the user should receive a clear and accurate error message.
2. The form cannot be submitted without entering Tags. Either mark the Tags dropdown with an asterisk to indicate it is mandatory or allow the form to be submitted without selecting Tags.
3. The Tags field should be a radio button instead of a checkbox.
4. The Contact Email field should be mandatory. The user should not be allowed to submit the form without providing an email address.
5. There should be a character limit for the Title field. If the user exceeds this limit, an error message should appear below the field.
6. The homepage should have headers for the columns.
7. On the homepage, when the user submits the form as "Dashboard," it appears as "NA" after submission.
8. An email should be sent to the user with the request ID.
9. There should be a way for the user to check the status of their request after submitting the form.
10. Entering a long title misaligns the columns on the homepage after form submission.
11. The time of submission on the homepage should be displayed in the user's local time, not in UTC.
12. When the user clicks the Edit button on the homepage, the Application Area should display the value previously submitted by the user.
13. Users should not be allowed to delete the request. They should only be allowed to cancel the request.
14. If the Delete feature is necessary, a warning message should be displayed to the user after they click the Delete button.
15. There should not be a Resolved checkbox on the form. This should be enabled only after the user has submitted the form.
16. Any ticket marked as Resolved should not be allowed to be edited. Instead, the Edit button should change to "Reopen."
17. Look and feel of the website can be improved
18. Add login functionality
19. Follow the guidlines mentioned by Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) so that it is accessible to color blind and screen reader friendly
